README.md, before:

# Fantastic PhD Thesis Template

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC--BY--NC-blue.svg)

## Description

The Fantastic PhD Thesis Template is a LaTeX template designed for creating modern-style PhD theses. This template draws inspiration from various other theses, providing a clean and professional layout for your academic work.

## Features

- Modern and professional design.
- Easy-to-follow structure for a typical PhD thesis.
- Instructions are included as comments in the .tex files.
- Individual chapter compilation supported.

## Usage Instructions
Clone or download the template from the repository.  Customize the template by editing the .tex files to add your content. Some instructions are included as comments in the .tex files, follow them to get the best output.

## Installation
No installation is required for this template. Simply download and start using it!

## Suggestion
Be consistent with colors by defining a palette before starting to work on figures. Use the same colors for the colored text adjusting the setting in the main TeX file. 

## License
This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License (CC-BY-NC). For details, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Author

- **Andrea Maiani** andrea.maiani@outlook.com

## Contact
If you have questions, suggestions, or issues related to the template, feel free to reach out to the author at the provided email address.

---
**Note**: Make sure to review and follow the terms of the [license](LICENSE) when using this template for your work.

Commit message:

Added color palette tools + fixs

README.md, after:

# Fantastic PhD Thesis Template

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC--BY--NC-blue.svg)

## Description

The Fantastic PhD Thesis Template is a LaTeX template designed for creating modern-style PhD theses. This template draws inspiration from various other theses, providing a clean and professional layout for your academic work.

## Features

- Modern and professional design.
- Easy-to-follow structure for a typical PhD thesis.
- Instructions are included as comments in the .tex files.
- Individual chapter compilation supported.
- It is calibrated to work with the B5 paper size standard.
- In the folder `color_palette_tools` a collection of scripts to extract and generate color palettes from SVG files is included. 
    
## Usage Instructions
Clone or download the template from the repository.  Customize the template by editing the .tex files to add your content. Some instructions are included as comments in the .tex files, follow them to get the best output.

You should include your publication in the `publication.bib` file, while all other references should be included in the `bibliography.bib` file.

## Installation
No installation is required for this template. Simply download and start using it!

## Suggestions
Be consistent with colors by defining a palette before starting to work on figures. Use the same colors for the colored text adjusting the setting in the main TeX file. 

## License
This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial 4.0 International License (CC-BY-NC). For details, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Author

- **Andrea Maiani** andrea.maiani@outlook.com

## Contact
If you have questions, suggestions, or issues related to the template, feel free to reach out to the author at the provided email address.

---
**Note**: Make sure to review and follow the terms of the [license](LICENSE) when using this template for your work.
